Fix broken links & sections in BAPI, add note on Approuter (#579)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/guides/dependencies.mdx

You can override the scope by setting including these dependencies explicitly in your `pom.xml` with scope `provided`.

> At the top of your dependency management section, **_before_** including any SAP Cloud SDK dependencies in your project, insert the following:

Reviewer: [Minor]
For extra clarity and more emphasize:

```suggestion
At the top of your `<dependencyManagement>` section, **_before_** including any SAP Cloud SDK dependencies in your project, insert the following:
```
